Title: I don't understand Taco Bell
Date: 2025-01-23
Category: Musings

I really don't fucking understand Taco Bell man. Rather, I don't understand why people enjoy it as much as they do. This is a genuine call for understanding and connection. I see your quesorito. Your 4 wet, sloppy tacos. Your formerly exclusive Baja Blast™️. All of these are seen and tasted. I feel the grease in my mouth, the sick scent of the heat lamp, the burning overwhelming sense of depression coming from the workers' soul as they wrapped this tortilla around something representing the idea of meat. My tongue, my senses feel all of that and more, and I... can eat it, but I cannot truly _want_ it. 

I am not immune to the feeling of wet processed slime falling through me. Dairy Queen was such an obsession for several months that I developed high cholesterol from it. To be beholden to a corporate slop tube is known and recognized. Taco Bell though? I feel it destroy my body as I take a bite. It's cheap, but many things are cheap! The local mexican place can give me a bean and cheese burrito, also greasy, also sloppy, but satisfying (at least to those who enjoy the power of cheese). I can get a bucket of "chinese" food with flavors extreme for the same price, destroying my body yet again but in ways that at least feel varied. If the price is the only factor, I genuinely believe 7/11, with it's disgusting, painful pizza and nachos wins the battle. Importantly, the drinks are nothing special, Baja Blast being such a uniquely strange beverage that only survives based on the sheer novelty and the truly, genuine strength of the name, "Baja Blast". It's Baja Blasting. Baja be thy Blast, etc etc.

At any metric, another business wins in my mind. I feel at such a strong disconnect with the rest of mankind (or at least Americans) when they sit next to me, tearing into a taco that is so far from what I would consider a taco I may as well weep. Is it because I cannot stand grease? The chicken burrito from the local food truck says otherwise. The price? Long have I tried to maximize what I get food wise, and said food truck matches, or only slightly loses for a much higher quality product. The pain of being in there, watching the spirit drain from a business which only watches them die? The local truck is owned by a family putting their soul on the line.

But again, I wish to understand the common fellow who dives their disgusting little freak of a foodstuff with joy and pleasure. I wish I could understand. Can someone help me? 
